[App Config] Add snapshot feature sample, tests, and update readme (#37348)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration/README.md

For example, MaxRequests may be 100 in "NorthAmerica" and 200 in "WestEurope". By creating a Configuration Setting named MaxRequests with a label of "NorthAmerica" and another, only with a different value, with a "WestEurope" label, an application can seamlessly retrieve Configuration Settings as it runs in these two dimensions.

> Azure App Configuration allow users to create a point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store, providing them with enhanced flexibility and control over their configuration settings. This feature enables users to create backups and easily restore their configurations to a previous state when needed. Users can create immutable, composed views of their configuration store that they can release with their application. The immutability of these snapshots ensures that users can confidently rollback to a last-known-good configuration in the event of an issue with newer configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure App Configuration allows users to create a point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store, providing them with the ability to treat settings as one consistent version. This feature enables applications to hold a consistent view of configuration, ensuring that there are no version mismatches to individual settings due to reading as updates were made.  Snapshots are immutable, ensuring that configuration can confidently be rolled back to a last-known-good configuration in the event of a problem.
```

client.DeleteConfigurationSetting("some_key");
```

### Create a Snapshot

To create a snapshot, you need to instantiate the `ConfigurationSettingsSnapshot` class and specify filters to determine which configuration settings should be included. The creation process is a Long-Running Operation (LRO) and can be achieved by calling the `CreateSnapshot` method.

```C# Snippet:AzConfigSample11_CreateSnapshot_AutomaticPolling

> List<SnapshotSettingFilter> snapshotFilter = new(new SnapshotSettingFilter[] { new SnapshotSettingFilter("some_key") });

Reviewer: Either approach to initializing is fine, but I think we should be consistent within the samples.  It seems a bit odd to see both `var x = new SomeType` and `SomeType x = new();` in the same context.

Do you think it's reasonable for us to pick one style and use that across AppConfig, or is there a pattern that I'm not seeing?

Author: Thank you for bringing it to my attention! I've updated the sample to use var.
